One of the main principles to follow when you need test animated is that we need to test this method
in isolation from other dependencies.
Let's have a look at a little diagram to understand what this means.
Let's consider that we have a class with two methods and that we need to write unit tests for method
E to test if this method works well and returns expected result.
Our ideal scenario is that meant that E has a single responsibility and that this method is isolated
from any other external classes.
If it is isolated from external dependencies, then our unit test can easily create an instance of this
cause and call its method to verify if it returns the expected result.
But very often it's not the case.
Often Method A creates an instance of another object, and to do its work method A needs to call one
or two methods that belong to another object.
And this complicates our testing very much, because if a failure takes place in the method that is
in a different object, the unit test will also fail.
And since our unit was test method E from Object A, we might mistakenly conclude that it is method
E from object that is misbehaving while the actual error is taking place in a different method, in
a different culture.
So to avoid situations like this, we need to isolate the code we're testing.
We create unit test to test business logic inside of method eight only.
And since we're only interested in testing called the Method E, we need to find ways to isolate method
E from other dependencies and tested in isolation from code in object B.
Let's see how we can do it.
To make our code better testable, we need to use dependency injection.
Let's say we have an object e that depends on code into other objects b and C currently object e creates
a new instance of class B and C in one of its methods.
So instead of having Object E creating a new instance of Class B and C, we will need to lead this relationship
around and inject into object e a ready to use object B and object C and this is called dependency injection.
When dependencies are injected this way to isolate code in object A from code and object B and C, we
can write unit test that injects into object A have fake or mock implementation of code in object B
and C.
This way we can test code in object in isolation, and this way we prevent situations when a back and
code in object B fails, code in object E injecting mock implementation instead of real dependency helps
us isolate code that we need to test and tested with different kinds of input values.
If we need to test their method with a range of different input parameters, valid and invalid, we
can create the unit test that works with mock implementations of those object or even simple stops that
do not really do any business logic.
You will learn how to create more computes and how to create stamps in the following video lessons.
But for now, it's very important to understand that when our code under test has dependencies on other
objects, we need to use dependency injection and inject mock implementations of the subjects so that
we can test our code in isolation from those dependencies.
Let's have a look at little code example.
I have a method that is called process user sign up inside of this method.
I create a new instance of sign up with service cost.
So instead of our method creating a new instance of sign up service, we will make this method, accept
this object as a method argument.
Or we can use other dependency injection strategies and inject this dependency using constructor.
We use dependency injection or field dependency injection.
So when we need to write a unit and that test the behavior of a method, we need to isolate this method
from other dependencies.
These dependencies are injected into our methods as stamps or more complex with predefined behavior.
We are not interested contestant this dependencies.
We are only interested in testing code in the method under the test isolated from all other dependencies.
This way.
Or a unit test.
That is test.
And this particular method is more reliable and you will see how it all works in practice in following
video lessons.